TOPIC
	about_PSTerminalServices_Module

SHORT DESCRIPTION
	The PSTerminalServices module contains functions to manage Terminal Services sessions and processes (including Remote Desktop connections).

LONG DESCRIPTION
	The PSTerminalServices module contains functions to manage Terminal Services (including RemoteDesktop) sessions and processes.
	The module is based on an open source project named Cassia (version 2.0.0.60), a .NET library for accessing the native Windows Terminal Services API. 

	The following operations are supported on the local and a remote terminal server: 
	
	1. Enumerating terminal sessions and reporting session information including connection state, user name, client name, client display details, client-reported IP address, and client build number. 
	2. Logging off a session. 	
	3. Disconnecting a session.	
	3. Displaying a message box in a session.	
	4. Enumerating all processes or processes for a specified session.	
	5. Killing a process.	
	

	Supported Platforms
	-------------------
	Cassia has been tested on Windows Server 2008 R2 beta, Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 2003, 
	Windows XP, and Windows Server 2000. It should work on Windows Vista as well. 
	
	
	
	Cassia - Source Files
	---------------------
	Cassia source files are included in the module's bin directory (compressed file). 


	
	The following functions are added to the current session when you import the module:

		Disconnect-TSSession - Disconnects any attached user from the session.

		Get-TSCurrentSession - Provides information about the session in which the current process is running.

		Get-TSServers - Enumerates all terminal servers in a given domain.

		Get-TSProcess - Gets a list of processes running in a specific session or in all sessions.

		Get-TSSession - Lists the sessions on a given terminal server.
		
		Send-TSMessage - Displays a message box in the specified session ID.

		Stop-TSProcess - Terminates the process running in a specific session or in all sessions.

		Stop-TSSession - Logs the session off, disconnecting any user that might be connected.


	Reporting Bugs/Suggestions
	--------------------------
	Bugs related to the dll can be reported directly to Cassia's mailing list: cassia-users@googlegroups.com. 
	Bugs/Suggestions/Comments can be reported on the Author's blog.


SEE ALSO
    about_Modules
    Get-Module
    Import-Module
    Remove-Module

    Cassia Project Home Page
    http://code.google.com/p/cassia/
